docs(inputs): Add plugin metadata and update description for s* to z* (#17082)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/tail/README.md

# Tail Input Plugin

> This service plugin continuously reads a file and parses new data as they arrive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service plugin continuously reads a file and parses new data as it arrives
```
